okay we're recording hi everybody how we
all doing thumbs up alright great
welcome to the Jay s called ft meaty
winter flare core Jay s dev team weekly
think it's February the 4th it's 2019
here we are
what do we do next if you are an
attendee if you're here please put your
name on the attendees list in on the
crib pad I will put that in the notes
just now that would be cool and please
if you haven't already add your weekly
update to the notes section and what
we'll do now is we will do a round of
updates and where we tell each other
what we did last week what we've blocked
on and what we're gonna do this week so
without further ado let's get down to it
volker you're up first would you like to
share with us your update yes so I
worked on the IPL deselect the
scratching stuff a bit and there isn't
any link yet because it's all like ink
repairs and on my machine and so on and
all totally confusing so but once
there's something something properly
proper done then of course there will be
issues and we posted somewhere then I
was at the first time which was awesome
as every year well that was my second
time but so far it's been great and then
I'm kind of blocked by Ellen not doing
the chase
IPL dapi review but I saw that it's
honest doing next list so that's good so
the plan is that we get it reviewed and
then we merge it and then we can bubble
up those changes in three tunings FS and
then eventually dried Holly next I was
still work on the iPad it's like the
stuff but also start to implement the
new IP LD formats API because I think I
also needed for the selectors to make
those things easier so I will do both
things at the same time yeah that's it
from me
Thank You vodka I am yeah I actually
left a few comments today on not the
implementation the other one the
documentation and yeah it's IP OD the
implementation one next your top of the
file
any questions for vodka okay let's move
on
it's me next okay so I finished off the
upgrade to happy eighteen full request
it's huge but mostly mechanical I also
worked on a fix for errors being
swallowed so if you start up a demon and
things go bad then what what was
happening was it was just by quitting
and not giving any errands and you had
to had to use the debug environment
variable to even see anything so this
fix fixes that but it also really
simplifies the CLI code and allows
things like like if you're like echoing
hello and piping it to your ipfs add and
then piping that to CID based 32 what
that does is it adds some content and
then pipes the CID to the base 52
utility which converts it into a base
ready to encoded and CID and previously
we couldn't do that because the second
instance of jairus IVFs the the one that
is using the CID tool that one was also
trying to get a lock on the repo when it
didn't even do anything with the repo so
this fix is good for that because it
means the commands basically choose
whether or not they're going to use an
IP FS instance they use they use instead
of it being added to argh the
automatically it it what gets added is a
function that the commands can use to
get hold of an IP FS and if they don't
use it then it doesn't get instantiated
that no lock happens so that's just part
of that fix which is which is really
nice
and I created a little tool called ipfs
install manager I demoed it on the All
Hands just now so if you are interested
in that then go and take a look at the
repo and watch the video from your hands
and I did a bit of work on D scoping
there 2019 roadmap for the Jessup EFS
I've put a whole bunch of comments and
if you have any free time then I'd
appreciate your feedback on stuff that
I've cut out that you don't have to do
anymore so yeah cool blocked on happy 18
PR that just needs a review it's huge
but a lot of it is mechanical so yeah
any any review anyone who wants to look
about it is welcome and that would be
really helpful and it kind of needs to
go in now because actually happy 16 now
has a security vulnerability I don't
know if they patched it to be honest but
then but yeah this would be good for
that as well and a review for swallowed
errors pull request which now depends on
the happy 18 pull request so I need to
rebase that so that's I need that but
not until the happy ones done so next
this week I would like to do some more
work on the CID v1 base for you to by
default work I haven't managed to have a
look at that yet I'm gonna review I feel
the focus IPL DPR I need to review fresh
cozy HD PR and I still need to look at
the benchmarks repo within a couple of
issues last week and I've got one in
progress but that's me this week any
questions
alright cool and let's move on and next
up is Jacob would you like to give us
your update yes last week fixed an issue
with Lib PDP start and stop callbacks
not returning errors this was introduced
during the state machine update on start
and stop as long as they were successful
worked fine but if there was an error
you would not be told about it and it
wouldn't call back so it would just hang
that is fixed now
release the initial version of the JSL
p2p daemon that is on the internet and
then I think Rosco's releasing the
client so we'll be able to start using
Damon's it's very exciting
and then also released the rendezvous
roadmap for getting that out the door so
there's an issue you can check it out
comment on it request things so now we
can start on the work and we'll start
working with infrastructure to make a
plan for decommissioning the star
servers probably hopefully July 1st this
week gonna focus on the employment
issues try to get rid of using both
streams and pull streams and then once I
finish that I will figure out in what
state J a slippy to be rendezvous is in
versus the current spec and then work on
getting that fixed does anybody have
questions
sounds awesome - Thank You Jacob
next up is Vasco everyone so last day I
released the in confrontation of the
live with human client as Jacob said it
contains the basic commands such as
connect in which beers and then the DHT
ones the then the following thing here
will be the pub/sub commands but it will
be in future timeline then I also
reviewed the lipid video man that Jacob
released I made a pair for Jessup FS to
rename the local flag to offline as it's
happening in Legoland and then in the
DHT and ever I I also created a pier for
enabling the DHT by default in a lipid
fee for our notes and I also fixed the
vids review for the awesome endeavour PR
in JSF FS then as Volker I also attended
Folsom and it was really great so many
folks were really interested in a
deficit wanted to be so yeah and for
this week I will continue basically in
the HD world I want to finish the
connection managers limited the number
of connections PRS I have they're open
for a while but I didn't have time yet
to finish so it will be like my biggest
priority for this week and after that
also setup in the initial interrupt test
using the demons that we know F and
that's it for me any questions
cool thanks
Vaska cool this is no other questions
then we'll move on to the Zayn cool that
much update which is just I'd be a fast
repo mostly done with the conversions
just have the Tesla PR this week that's
it right thank you
cool next up is oh sorry
any questions for Zane before email
sorry no okay Alex so I was trying to
finish off the NPM IPS registry
integration last week I didn't get it
finished and then I went to close them
and now I am very tired it was most
excellently yes so this week I'm gonna
finish that NPR integration how
hopefully opened a few issues on NPM on
my TFS so I'm going to take a look at
those and then I want to look at using
the URL store for package managers so
that if you if you maintain like an apt
repository you could add the C IDs to
your metadata and then use the oil store
to actually deliver the faster people
that way you wouldn't need to basically
double your hosting costs which might be
quite helpful for people so then also
apparently somewhere somewhere in New
York somewhere we have a apt-get
transport that uses IP FS which is super
cool I was chatting with Luke a friend
of Eric's who work from the SCP stuff
for Debian and I basically asked him
like what what what would stop him from
using it like what what we need to do
like how we would go about that kind of
thing and he mentioned that I have
guests caus transports but apparently
somewhere we've got one so I want to
have a look at that find out what's
going on on the package my girlfriend in
general hopefully going to have a new
highest soon so then he will take over
all this kind of stuff and we'll yeah
it's gonna be awesome
various I think any question
finances compliant cool thank you Alex
very good um and then we've got wrong
how's it going going pretty good yes
pretty good so let's see last week I
worked on and do some refactoring based
on the being able to allow the tests use
different
Neda P options so worked on that also
this kind of kind of did the there was
an issue about test name and description
as it's on the dashboard to match the
test matrix so kind of went through the
test and updated all them at the same
time so I'm not through with the test
each test but have a couple working so
the different strategies or the
different options for the PDP are just
defined now based on a flag inside the
run so yeah so worked on that so this
week I'm going to continue working that
finish those up and then keep linking it
adding that links you know to the test
from the matrix I do have a question on
doing this changes it started failing
for the Jas to go tests but put that
down block I just have another question
Allen on that one wasn't didn't I wasn't
able to find a way to actually add the
type of options for the go so just if
you could point me in that direction I
can get those in sync they were failing
for like the different the wrong
protocol you can use so yeah so this
week I will just continue with the test
as many as I can also get an update the
readme that include the changes we made
for the flags and also going to add some
comments and hopefully get some about
each test we're going to add comments
and then you a docking and generator to
actually have that online and then be
part of the benchmark URL so I know Alex
is also going to be working on some of
this with me too so and that's it for me
cool thank you
can I just ask a question did the issue
around
CPU usage and memory usage get resolved
yet is that in the dashboard now or is
Esther miles down I'm so Alex but he did
do one of them I saw have not looked on
the dashboard to see if it's there but I
saw the cars go through so that one of
them was done I'm not sure what the
other one was yeah but yeah we should be
adding it I think the way he did it was
a different dashboard those different
options change the dashboard to show
that but you have to verify that's done
and that the other one okay cool I think
that's like one of the top priorities I
guess for okay me at least in the moment
[Music]
okay well yeah I'll do that after this
just go and Gera fie that and then just
make sure that is okay
hires I don't think it was higher
actually alright um cool it does anyone
else have any questions for wrong okay
in which case we've reached the end of
our list is there any other things that
people to say or bring up we're actually
ahead of time so we can just shoot the
breeze or leave or dn't and do whatever
we want
okay all right I get it
I just want to have a nap that's all I
want
let's go and have a nap and in which
case I will see you all next week thank
you very much for all your updates this
week and let's let's have a awesome
productive week and we'll see you see
you next week for another round of what
I did last week what I'm blocked on and
when I do I'm gonna do this week by
right